The Human and The Law


You’re walking back to the car and you see a bright yellow sign that reads:

	`Metaphysics for dummies` but ‘dummies’ is crossed out and instead it says ‘police officers’.

You’re sitting down. There’s a bright yellow book in your lap that reads:

	`Metaphysics for dummies` but ‘dummies’ is crossed out and instead it says ‘police officers’.

You open the book it’s just Anna Karenina.

You look up from the book and realize you’re in a cop car. The front seat. You’re a Police Officer!

Now in a helicopter reading Anna Karenina.

Looking for someone while keeping others safe.

You look from the book, you’re conducting a train! A lady throws herself onto the tracks.
SWOOSH!!!

You’re in an emergency room, holding a ventilator on her head.

oh blessed ones in uniforms, in depths of city sickness security and celebration -neighborhood parks and spaces! Networking events!

Look city cat, city rats ran over city dogs! Really small dogs!

CUT TO:
Police officer is a cave cones to the end, feint screams of cries, shrieks.
guns and flashlight drawn. Screams for help at the end of this cone.
He brushes his hand against the end wall,
20 sets of fingers, bloody and gnarled jolted around with feral electricity. Cannabilistic humans, dying these wild generations of cannibalistic humans entire lives in the hell exists, we all know that.

It’s here, it’s us. We do that to each other.
And what’s more funny is we wear uniforms while doing it. So when you say the uniform matters, sure it doesn’t matter when the sun is shining or the purgatory of grocery runs. I don’t care what you think, the uniform matters. The uniform matters more than you ever know.

{{And its hard to help them, they need special care. Next time you see a helicopter, think about one of those special facilities of the humans we manage to save.

these places are willy wonka and the chocolate factory meets a top secret classified military installment. }}

Think darma initiative. It’s surprisingly clean and sterile. Well lit.

These people, it’s known some of them never experienced daylight until the day of their liberation.

Teacher communities, scientists, and security live in a make shift neighborhood. It’s great and it’s stable, and there’s sadly no way to help these people any more than feeding them.
They seem unable to learn language and are completely aggressive. There are a lot of attempts, and nearly none get through. A feral human isn’t much of a match. They weren’t bred to be strong, just highly agressive. Did I say feral?

So it’s here, it’s us.
It’s a fact some elite people maintain human farms, deep underground. What it takes to maintain such a farm is a complex road. No one is born that way, it is a chiseled and satiristic and unholy way to behave!

They pull one to a handful at a time(8=D~)

They pull one They pull one to a handful at a time to be sacrificed in robed rituals.
How do you get everyone in the room to accept human sacrifice? Feral humans, no rael language, primal fleshy doomed beautiful people, same species as you.
Why do the freemasons always mention Plato over whiskey?
The allegory of the cave exist here we do that on Earth.

but what is the allegory for the cave
a real problem humanity faces
and the public doesn’t know about it
because
no one that works with it talks about it
cause the world is dirty enough
and that’s how utopia’s are built
if reality holds location sacred importance,
the same between utopia and the idea of space.
this space is a utopia, this is a neighborhood our best system we got, this is a hell of a crime scene. this is so sick we shouldn’t share this kind of shit. because people sell out toliet paper with a disease that has a 5% mortality rate.
Most of america is a week out of madness

what is the allegory for the cave to them
is a way to describe the importance of uniforms coming from a barefoot hippy trying to surf the wave of having a great relationship with the curtain. The curtain in every nook space and cranny. Humans have been there before you, for <100% of your life.
Which brings us to the Human and the Space.

not justifying why we have it, but just

is just what I think when I see a uniform
for me (to me)


target audience for dummies

people scared of learning (people traumatized from learning)

great you’re going to pick 8 things you know about it and see it more as what 8 things you can proudly declare about a subject, but that's all the uniform does. No matter how muddy it gets the uniform reminds you of those 8 things. No matter how dirty the job.

but you don’t really do it and you definitely don’t roll in the mud with it.

but you’re prouder than landing on the moon first things first.

But I’m a cop in New York City, you idiot. There’s no book for dummies for police officers on matters of metaphysics, because we aren’t there yet. But metaphysics for a cop would sound a lot like ‘yeah there’s hell. right here I’ve seen it people do it. we do that to each other. Just when you think you can’t get shook anymore, you’re harder than steel with heart. You come across something that turns you over, I mean the things we do to each other.

And I got back to the car, and my partner took one look at my traumatized face, and my partner waited a beat in film terms and let me have a


						A
You do anything enough and you’ll get a taste for it.
						B
I walked to a bus stop a lot and I never got a taste for it.

You start to investigate this bizarre scene where one guy is dead and you’re explaining how a cucumber could shoot two slugs in a dead guys chest in the cheap meat department

and you leave and take a break

reading a book

few cops read books on shift breaks

books rarely see cops on breaks

but even in the city, breaks for certain shifts can be insane.

stake outs?!

comodities. can’t have too much fluids. Can’t pee for long times. Or wear a catheder. Or no one does long stakeouts anymore anyway.

I’m a cop you idiot!

Professional Stakeouts are 30 minutes a piece.
You show the source for thirties minutes

but actually do the stake out from a difference, 24 / 7 location. That’s just to get them looking out front. where you want. throuhg the blinds and windows and doors.

all the benefits of being surveilled.

cause life’s too fast for the
...........

lesson from the
police officer

I hang here
in the depths of the sickness, plagues, harsh realities of life, and life together.

hell exists,

I’m a cop in New York, and I know first hand the unholiest of land is under some of those fancy towers in Manhattan.

Mass graves are softcore compared to the living human farms deep beneath the city.
Feral humans.


`You do anthying enough you’ll get a taste for it. Specially if your kid likes it.’

...
You’re a cop, you’re playing hookey.
...
